This application allows you to proof read any MS Office Word document (supported till MS Word 2000) or from the clipboard (by copying text contents of any word/text file). It allows the user to choose an assistant/character from a library of 15 characters & including an animated mouth to read the selected document/text. The program remembers the last MS Agent character used by the user and automatically loads it when opening the application. It also remembers the shape of the mouth which can been configured by the user.
This application also shows how to hide or display the balloon and/or size the text in it 
when the MS Agent reads the document/text.
In addition to the use of MS Agents, this program also shows the use of VBA to communicate with MS Word documents.

You are required to install L & H TruVoice Engine, Microsoft Agent 2.0 and
Microsoft Text to Speech engines before using the Proof Reader application.
These can be downloaded from the Microsoft site (http://msdn.microsoft.com/workshop/imedia/agent)

If your application doesnot work go to
Project --> References and check
Microsoft Word x.x Object Library
Microsoft Voice Text
Voice Text x.x Type Library
Microsoft Agent Control 2.0.

This application supports the undermentioned characters which can be downloaded from
http://www.msagentring.org/
For the sake of convenience, I have included two charactes Joe & Miku
The other characters supported are:-
Genie, Al, Totem, Merlin, Oscar, Electra, Gar, Spaceman, Robby, Max, Santa & James and a mouth whose shape can changed according to your  requirement. 
If you download these characters, copy them to App.Path


Please Note:-
This code is copyrighted.
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. You have been granted the ability to view and improve code and will be acknowledged in the credits as a tester.

  This software can be distributed with the following restriction:
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. 
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. Notification must be sent to the author notifying of such changes.
3. You may not take this project on as your own and/or attempt to complete it. 
4. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.